---
picture: /about/me.jpg
---
# Hi I'm Ian

![Me!](/about/me.jpg "It's me!")

I'm a sinner saved by grace

By weekday I am a site reliability engineer and systems engineer at Hydrobuilder
Holdings. As part of my job I get to touch a number of different stacks and
systems. In addition to running operations and building systems software, I
also do a bit of work with system architecting and am helping to lead an effort
to redesign our systems and refactor out e-commcerce platform.

My past jobs include working as a consultant, a full-stack developer
(Openshift, Java, Kotlin, StencilJS), a systems administrator, a helpdesk
agent, and a data-entry monkey. I am a self-taught programmer and systems
operator. I believe this is an immense asset, I am capable to self-directed
learning, often times on the job. I love learning this way and generally try to
take new jobs that will push me into technology I do not already know.
Language-wise I am in love with Rust, V, and Lua. I am also confident in a
professional setting with Python, Java, Javascript, Kotlin, Go, Bash, Python,
PowerShell, and a few Lisps.

After work hours and on the weekend I am a neo-Luddite. I work hard to find an
appropriate balance between modern technologies and my God-given desire to work
with my hands.

As you will learn from my projects and blog posts, my interestes are many and
varied. I have a degree in New Testament studies, with a minor in Koine Greek
-- I love studying and discussing theology. I also like animals, a lot. I have
rabbits (too many to count), dogs (seven; two hounds, a great dane, and four
Great Pyrenees/Anatolian Shepherds), five horses, three turtles (an Eastern
Paint, a yellow belly slider, and a African sideneck; all are rescues), loads
of chickens, seven cats, a beared dragon, a boa constrictor, four cows, a bull,
two goats, and a crow.

I live on a farm in very rural Missouri with my wife and children. We sell raw
cow milk, raw goat milk, and eggs. If you live between Poplar Bluff and West
Plains and are interested in our produce, feel free to reach out!
